gnuplot*background:  white
gnuplot*textColor:   black
gnuplot*borderColor: black
gnuplot*axisColor:   black
gnuplot*line1Color:  red
gnuplot*line2Color:  green
gnuplot*line3Color:  blue
gnuplot*line4Color:  magenta
gnuplot*line5Color:  cyan
gnuplot*line6Color:  sienna
gnuplot*line7Color:  orange
gnuplot*line8Color:  coral
gnuplot*borderWidth: 2
gnuplot*axisWidth:   1
gnuplot*line1Width:  1
gnuplot*line2Width:  1
gnuplot*line3Width:  1
gnuplot*line4Width:  1
gnuplot*line5Width:  1
gnuplot*line6Width:  1
gnuplot*line7Width:  1
gnuplot*line8Width: 1
